Oie docs embedded revisions general (#2237)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/oie-embedded-sdk-overview/main/index.md

<div class="oie-embedded-sdk">

> This guide walks you through the steps to download, setup, and configure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide walks you through the steps to download, set up, and configure
```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.

> the SDK and provided sample application. Once you completed the initial steps,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the SDK and provided sample application. After you complete the initial steps,
```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.

> you'll be ready to to walk through the available use cases that highlights

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you are ready to walk through the available use cases that highlight
```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.

> the supported features such as sign in, multi-factor authentication, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the supported features such as sigm in, multifactor authentication, and
```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.

self-registration.

> Use the sample application as your guide when learning and integrating the SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the sample application as your guide when learning about and integrating the SDK
```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.

into your application.

## Why you would want to use the embedded SDK

There are several reasons why you would choose the embedded SDK to help you build out

> your idenity solution. They are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your identity solution:
```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.

> 1. Allow for a fully customized user experience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Allow for a fully customized user experience
```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.

> 1. Easy to code against high level SDK interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Easy to code against a high level SDK interface
```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.

> 1. Greater flexibility to solve your specific branding requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Greater flexibility to solve your specific branding requirements
```

Author: Made the updates in latest commit.
